Simplify assembly introductions in Managing Hosts guide (#4794)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_troubleshooting-insights-iop.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

> [id="troubleshooting-insights-iop"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="troubleshooting-{insights-iop-id}"]
```

= Troubleshooting {insights-iop}

[role="_abstract"]

> You can troubleshoot issues with {insights-iop} by checking the logs.

Reviewer: alternative:

```suggestion
You can check the logs to troubleshoot issues with {insights-iop}.
```
